{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2818
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14240\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 README: \
\
1) When adding the optimisation files to the respective folders, check the names of the files, because some variations in the file names may occur when exporting the files after the optimisation process. I tried to optimise the R code to be as flexible as possible, but specially for scenarios, some changes may have to be applied manually. I recommend to check these 3 files: \
\
(old name > new name)\
\
Result[XXXX]_
\f1\b 025
\f0\b0 ESS + TSC + TIN + ESR + RDR_[XXXX].csv  >  Result[XXXX]_
\f1\b low_crop_production_
\f0\b0 [XXXX].csv \
Result[XXXX]_
\f1\b 05
\f0\b0 ESS + TSC + TIN + ESR + RDR_[XXXX].csv  >  Result[XXXX]_
\f1\b medium_crop_production_
\f0\b0 [XXXX].csv \
Result[XXXX]_ESS + TSC + TIN + ESR + RDR_[XXXX].csv  >  Result[XXXX]_
\f1\b all_scores_
\f0\b0 [XXXX].csv \
\
The code can read and remove this parts: [XXXX] when needed and also \'93+\'94 or \'93_\'94 in the file names.  \
\
2) When changing the budget of the cost-effective (budget-constrained) optimisations you also need to change this value in the optimisation folders and in the code. For the code you can use the search and replace tool in R studio. Change in the following scripts: \
\
~/Documents/BTU-PhD/troph-cost/scripts/analysis/analysis_economic_opti_[sch/alb].R\
~/Documents/BTU-PhD/troph-cost/scripts/wrangling/data_tidying.R > section 15\
\
\
3) A full description of the indicators and scenarios are in the file \'93scores_description_table_1_Menares_et_al.docx\'94\
\
4) We optimized all indicators systematically for the two budgets by cost/benefit but if the budget is high enough to optimize only by benefit, that is the result we need to take (i.e. the results of the ecological (budget-unconstrained) optimisation. So, for example, for  "n_crop_pests" 1344 EUR,- that is exactly the budget needed to optimize the indicator, therefore we take the ecovalue from the ecol optimization (unconstrained budget) results here and not the cost benefit results (constrained budget). THIS MEANS, we also need to copy the file of that indicator with the unconstrained-budget and paste it in within the constrained-budget folder so the code can read it. This should be done by: \
\
a) copy-pasting file into folder > \
b) run ~/Documents/BTU-PhD/troph-cost/scripts/wrangling/data_tidying.R (to add the file into the merged files with all optimisations for the analyses) > \
c) run ~/Documents/BTU-PhD/troph-cost/scripts/analysis/analysis_economic_opti_sch.R (to run the analyses and create the visualisations) \
}